1.0.1: Vim things
Anguish vim cost lowered from 25 to 15
Anguish Psi cost increased from 15 to 25
Erode's cooldown turned to a scaling cooldown based off talent level (Limit of 3. scales from 20 to 5)
Swapped Hellfire's place in the tree with Erode (1st and second spot).
Erode's vim cost reduced from 4 to 0.
Hellfire's cooldown increased from 4 to 6.
Siphon's Vim Drain amount scaling increased by around 33%.
Footlocks Psi cost reduced from 40 to 35.

1.0.2: I made a mistake
Erode and Hellfire now have the proper talent reqs
Players no longer start with a point in hellfire and will instead start with a point in Erode
Icons should work. (stupid capital letters)

1.0.3: Dark Charge Doesn't Suck (as much) and the balance patch
Hellfire's damage scaling has been increased by 25%ish
Balance of Power's spellpower and mindpower bonus has been changed to a more linear scaling.
Hellfire's cooldown and vim cost upped. 5 -> 12, 5 -> 10
Erase's number of eff's removed actually makes sense now.
Icons have been replaced with smaller versions of themselves and some icons have been changed, so file size will be smaller.
Dusk Bringer has been changed:
	The vim drain has been decreased from 15 to 12.
	Now has a maximum radius of 8. Radius starts at 2 and increases by 1 for every turn charged. No longer limited by talent level.
	Damage and damage scaling with charge have been adjusted to scale better with talent level.
Erode's damage has been brought more in line with hellfires.
Erode's cooldown scaling decreased.
Erode now has a vim cost, though I doubt it will be affected much.
Siphon's psi drain lowered from 7 to 6
Cauterize Lips duration scaling (on the silence) reduced by a little.
Bug Fixes:
Hellfire should no longer do weird things with spellshock and -all resist.
No more errors when stepping on damaging traps.
Mangle's particle effects should actually work now (and not throw errors).
Erase should not error when cast on a target who was a lower number of possible effs to be removed than the possible number of effs that can be removed.

1.0.4: Now with less Errors!
One bugfix: Stepping on traps will no longer give you an error.

1.0.5: More fixes!
Power of the Eternals now does not use the default icon when it is in the buff bar.
Changed Mindburn's desc to use decimals instead of a whole number.
Choke, Cauterize Lips and Searing Pain's descriptions all fixed (clarity issue).
Dusk Bringer's description now displays the correct damage amount.
Chaos's damage type that it deals upon kill has been changed to darkness.
Talents that applied a drain to either vim or psi have been updated to use the drain_resource parameter.
Fixed Siphon's desc improperly saying it drained 7 psi when it really drained 6.
Added a % sign in Erode's effect desc.
Life Shield now tells you the amount of shield you would get in the desc.

1.0.6: Typo fix
Oops.

2.0.0: Overhaul
Erode has a new name: Consumptive Blight
Erode no longer checks disease resistance and its apply power is no longer 100, but your SP.
Erode cooldown scaling has been changed, from min 3, 20 to 10 to min 6, 15 to 8
Erode duration is now fixed at 5.
Erode no longer slows global speed
Hellfire now capped at -40 all res maximum, desc updated to match
Hellfire duration overall lower but cooldown has been decreased slightly
Added extra documentation to some of the code, mainly for myself
Erase now strips sustains at TL 3
Erase upper damage scaling lowered from 200 to 150 at 100SP and TL 5
Erase's min cooldown has been increased to 3 from 2.
Doom now slows global speed like erode used to.
Cleaned up Unnatural Limit's desc a bit
